Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us again today.
We're going to pray tonight; we have a lot to pray about all day today.
I've had great urgency for what I'm seeing in the spirit based on what we saw last night.
If anybody was with us last night—and I know we're doing a lot of back-to-back videos, and I know there's a lot of you that don't have time to pray through all those videos because it takes a lot of your day with families and things—I'll give you a little recap of what we prayed over and what the Lord showed us in the spirit.
We give all the glory to God.
Brandon is not able to do any of this on his own.
Everything that I believe the Lord is showing me will prove to be accurate in the future, as you'll see in the news.
But we don't pray the news; we pray ahead of time.
We're watchmen; we see in advance.
And for what we see, it's coming to pass.
It looks like it for those who are part of my prayer team.
I want to call you all my elite prayer team.
We have the best of the best prayer warriors.
The Lord said, 'I've assembled the best prayer warriors of this generation on your prayer team, and you all will pray and change things through prayer.
' I believe with all my heart that word is coming to pass.
There is a very strong core of you—125,000—that watch and pray, and that's just through this platform alone.
We have a real solid 125,000 people who join almost every video and pray with us.
We're so thankful for every single one of you who comes out.
I would say we have a great group of intercessors, and I'm so thankful for every single one of you.
We're going to go over what the Lord has shown us over the last video.
Help me to remember everything because He showed us a lot, and He has my notes.
First off, I saw something concerning Cuba.
I saw a beautiful home, white-looking, with some kind of stucco roofs and clay shingles.
It didn't look like modern-day asphalt shingles; these looked like clay shingles on a mansion in Cuba.
Underneath this mansion were tunnels and passageways that went in all different directions to a bunker.
There was an escape route to a bunker inside the side of a mountain, where tunnels led to a place with an escape route for a really nice boat.
Then I saw a helicopter take off from the top of the mountain.
Everything the Lord was showing me was concerning the gray-headed man, the leader of Cuba, Miguel Díaz-Canel.
The Lord said again that He was going to get rid of the Castro name—the Castros, all of them—and that there would basically be a bloodline cleansing of dictatorship out of that land.
The Lord showed me again trade with Cuba coming with the United States of America.
It will be like a state where Cuba and America will be friends with new leadership that will come about with Marco Rubio.
I saw Rubio establishing a great Cuba in the days ahead that will bring prosperity and economic stability with a tourist industry.
I saw resorts opening up on the water and great hotel chains from America going into Cuba, bringing hotels and resorts for holiday travel.
I saw the cigar industry—though I don't believe in smoking, this is what I saw—with golden band cigars being traded around the world and into America; it was big business.
On the other side of the island, facing Jamaica, I saw a plant or big business being established.
I saw American-made cars—Ford, GMC, and Chevrolet—going over to Cuba.
I don't know if they have a factory there or if they're just buying our automobiles, but I saw F-150 trucks, Ford, and GMC trucks all going to Cuba in the days ahead, with people driving new and used trucks.
I saw economic growth and stability coming to Cuba again.
But the Lord said, 'You must pray for what's about to happen in the near future.
' I'm not going to give time frames because the Lord told me this is very soon.
I saw all this stuff coming specifically in the darkness.
We must pray tonight for a hedge of protection around people.
Then the vision switched to Iran.
This was very serious and heavy.
There were things I was hearing because I was caught up, and I could hear the conversation taking place with the man appointed to the Ayatollah committee today, the leader of Iran.
I heard him underground talking to a man with a white beard and a white turban.
He was asking this elder, 'Is it time to go ahead with phase two?
' I saw massive missiles and underground military installations with biological weapons of mass destruction.
I believe I saw things from Saddam in Iraq from when we went after them for weapons of mass destruction in 2000.
There was chemical warfare that would make your skin melt off your body with massive boils, and I saw people convulse to the point that their spines snapped.
I'm just telling you what I saw in the vision.
I saw that it was used up toward the Damascus area and that part of Israel.
It was an attack worse than October 7th of four years ago.
This was an attack plan.
He asked, 'Do the prophecies line up?
Are we really there?
' The Lord allowed me to understand him asking, 'Is it really time for the Mahdi to come?
' They were discussing the Quran and Muslim prophetic words, looking for the sign of their savior, the Mahdi.
I heard them discussing how to bring forth this false god, whom we believe is the Antichrist.
Remember, I told you when the Mahdi comes, it's on Fridays that you're made to worship during the Tribulation, wearing white clothes and using rugs.
Everyone around the world will be required to look at the man on the screen; he will be the Antichrist.
I'm telling you, I've seen it.
On July 6, 2014, I was taken out of my body, and the Lord took me to the Tribulation.
Whether you believe that or not, I'm telling you what is coming.
People were on mats on Fridays, and everyone was required to worship the image of this man on a screen in major towns.
It's at the Vatican.
It will be all over the place.
Everyone will go to the Vatican and they will worship the Antichrist there one day.
I saw it.
It will be in France.
It will be in America, in Washington.
It will be all over the place.
There will be screens and everybody will be required to worship somebody.
If you do not, they take your head off.
I'm telling you that as I was listening to this man talk underground in a bunker, I could see missiles and things around him.
He was talking about some kind of weapon they had that they believe nobody else had.
They were talking about a weapon they have that nobody knows they have.
It was one thing.
They had one thing and I believe this was a nuclear thing.
This was something they've developed or they have received from someone else, but it was on a payload on a rocket and I saw him touching the rocket.
He was talking about this massive thing.
He was talking to the man with the white beard.
They were under the ground and they were discussing biblical prophecy there.
Now, I keep saying biblical prophecy because that's what we do—Quran prophecy, false god prophecy.
And they were talking about this and they were saying, "Is it time to push the button?
Is it time?
Do you believe we're at the time for the Mahdi to come?
" And they were about to make a decision to try to take out Israel with biological warfare.
It was chemicals.
And I saw this and I was praying against this last night.
That's what we were all praying against.
This was a major plan.
And they said, "We have to activate the cells in America.
It's time.
" And they were discussing underground, these two men—the man that was pronounced to be the head of Iran today.
I heard him say, "We must communicate to the terrorists, these cells in America, and activate them.
Is it time?
" And he was talking to the man with the white beard.
I heard this.
It was very detailed.
I'm not telling you everything that was said.
You need to know we're in a time like we've never seen before.
The Lord said—and this is why the church has to rise up and pray like we've never prayed before—because we understand that Jesus Christ is coming and that our Jesus, our Savior, is coming for the bride.
But the Lord said, "I'm coming back for a harvest.
I have long patience.
" Where's the scripture?
"I have long patience for the harvest, for the fruit.
" So when we see all these things coming, the Lord said on September 23rd of last year, we're at a point of no return when the UN voted against Israel and all the things that took place.
The Lord spoke to us and said, "You're going to see acceleration like birthing pains, like labor pains upon a woman.
So will it be; the labor pains are back-to-back-to-back.
" But he said last night, "Not only will you see the wars and the rumors of wars and the things manifesting, but you're going to start to see major events in the earth's crust.
" And I saw solar flares from our sun pounding our earth.
The sun is going to become very active but it's going to act weird.
There is something that is interfering with our sun.
And when I saw these things happening, I saw volcanoes going off.
I saw major earthquakes coming.
And the Lord said things are about to escalate to another level.
This is concerning crops and food shortages.
This is concerning things with our water.
You need to listen to me.
I'm not trying to scare you.
No, this is something that we need to pray about.
It's like I hear, "We're trying to prepare you.
" I'm trying to tell you we're in the last of the last days.
If you see the signs of the times all around you and you have your eyes open and your head's not in the sand like the ostrich, you see where we are.
Ladies and gentlemen, Jesus Christ is coming.
He's standing at the door.
Are you ready to go?
Is your lamp full of oil?
As in the days of Noah, so will it be.
Look all around you.
I'm looking for this false alien invasion that will be the signs that even President Trump is releasing it.
documents and Obama are talking about it and they're telling everybody all these things about these aliens.
And I told you right before Jesus comes, they're going to talk about aliens a lot.
And do you know how many people used to mock me for that?
"Oh, Brandon, that is crazy.
" I said, I'm telling you, in 2014, I started telling people this.
Our church thought we were nuts.
I told everybody, I said, "Listen, they're going to start to talk about aliens a lot right before Jesus comes.
It's going to be their alibi for where the church goes during the rapture.
Everybody was taken by the aliens, man.
It had to be the aliens.
" There's no such thing as aliens.
I'm telling you, it's demonic spirits—Nephilim, whatever you want to say.
I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, you're about to be shocked and awed on TV when they interview this thing.
I've seen it.
Cameras all around and they have one interviewer and they talk to this demonic being.
I've seen it and they talk and they interview it.
It's not like ET phone home.
It's not like that.
I'm talking about it looks huge.
It's like 13 feet high—a massive being.
It's some kind of thing.
I've seen visions of it.
How many times now, son?
So many.
Looked like a log creature.
It's the way the skin looks.
It comes out and starts talking to people and then there's a mothership that will appear over the Vatican.
I've seen it.
And over the pyramids in Mexico and people are going to look at it and have signs saying, "Welcome to Earth.
" Weirdos.
Tinfoil hat people.
"Welcome to Earth.
" No, we're not "Welcome to Earth.
" This is demonic.
But it will be a deception to try to deter you from believing what's about to take place—to explain away the rapture of the church.
There's a lot of people who get mad and say, "I don't believe in the rapture of the church.
" That's fine.
Stay here.
I'll wave at you as I'm going up.
But I'm telling you, we're not appointed unto wrath.
We're not appointed unto wrath.
God is not a wife-beater.
He's not going to beat his bride.
You say, "Well, Brandon, the disciples went through a lot.
" Yes, they did.
It wasn't the tribulation, though.
Persecution's already coming on the church in Iran.
Same thing—persecution.
But tribulation and persecution are two totally different things.
I'm trying to tell you, I've seen it.
The Lord took me out of my body.
And there is a great shaking to awaken.
Labor pains are not fun.
My wife can tell you it's terrible.
I watched it.
Most people say the greatest days are ahead and all these other things.
You're full of it.
There are no greater days ahead.
Labor pains bring back-to-back-to-back things that are hard, but the fruit of the baby coming is beautiful.
It's not going to get better.
It's going to get increasingly worse.
The church is going to rise up and be that backbone with the crowbar, but it will come out of pressure like an olive press.
Ask an olive how it feels if you could.
When you get that oil coming out of there, it wasn't a joyous time in the olive press.
A refiner's fire is not joyous.
We go from glory to glory to glory.
And I saw the church under great pressure in what's about to take place.
A plague is coming that is worse than COVID on steroids.
And I warn you what I've seen coming.
And then we see China messing with rats.
And the rats were 100% fatality.
And I said, "They're trying to cook up something worse than COVID.
" COVID was a pre-run.
It was like a trial run.
And they're about to try to release this thing again.
These people are sick.
But the next one—I've told you a hundred times.
If you get the virus, you do not make it unless you have the glory.
I saw the people.
They were hiding.
They had barricades around the house.
"Don't come.
Stay away.
" We got our own food.
You come next to us, you're gone.
People acted crazy.
You think it was bad to covet what people wanted?
Toilet paper.
People want food this time.
Factories were shut down.
People tried to say, "Hey, we're going to resist this.
" I said, "They tried, but the moment they were in the ICU, they had IVs in them, and the people were just trying to keep them calm or whatever.
" But they went home, and I saw a Holy Ghost glow on people.
The church, the glorious church, rising up and laying hands on those people, and the power of God set them free.
But you have to know who you are.
And the Lord said, "If you don't know Psalm 91 and Psalm 23—and don't just read it, I'm talking about knowing it.
" Revelation knowledge of this is not a religious act; this is a covenant.
Understand covenant.
Whenever you put that ring on your finger and I say "I do" to my wife, I will be married to her until the day I die.
This is a covenant.
This represents the covenant.
She has a ring on her finger.
I'm in covenant with God.
As He is, so am I in this world.
And if we pray and we know the signs of the times—because Jesus told us in Matthew 24 that these things were coming—we're not afraid.
Why?
Because the Bible already told us it was coming.
What are we to do?
Get ready for the harvest.
Where is the scripture?
"Be patient.
" In James 5:7: "Be patient, therefore, brethren, until the coming of the Lord.
Behold, the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth and hath long patience for it until he receives the early and the latter rain.
" James 5:7.
So what are we waiting for right now?
The Lord said specifically to me, "You're not waiting on me; I'm waiting on you.
Bring in my fruit.
Bring in the fruit of the earth.
" He has long patience for it.
So what is he waiting for?
Hey, do your job and I'll come and get you.
Bring in my harvest.
"Be patient, therefore, brethren, until the coming of the Lord.
Behold, the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth and hath long patience for it until he receives the early and the latter rain.
" He's looking for a harvest, ladies and gentlemen; he's looking for a major harvest.
That's why I told you, if you're listening to prophetic voices and they're not giving altar calls on their channel, they're a false prophet.
I'm going to tell you right now, if you're not telling the people that Jesus Christ is coming and you need to get born again—and it's time to repent because Jesus is standing at the door—don't listen to them anymore.
We're out of time.
It's not about taking up offerings, flying around in jets, and having big houses; it's about telling the people that Jesus Christ is coming, and he's coming sooner than you think.
You've got to wake up, church.
We are at a time that we've never seen before.
The alarms are going off all around you.
Are you awake, ladies and gentlemen?
I'm trying to tell you, we're about to see Cuba liberated.
Why?
Because God said, "I'm bringing in a harvest.
They've been oppressed and suppressed, and they can't do what they need to do.
" But God is about to liberate the people of Venezuela in a greater way, and in Costa Rica and all the different places of South America—Colombia and Mexico.
He said, "I'm getting ready to remove Claudia Scheinbaum for the corruption.
" He said, "First Corinthians 5:5 will come to full fruition in 2026.
It will be a year that it will rain on the just and the unjust.
" Watch Bill Clinton; ask him how it's happening.
Do you understand?
He said, "I'm cleaning my church, for judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
" And you're seeing certain YouTubers that are exposing this darkness and calling people out, and there's great corruption.
I said churches in California, ministers, they will be on the platform in one moment and they'll be exposed in just a matter of time because they've been walking in corruption.
And the Lord said, "I'm exposing them and I'm going to remove them because they're not right with me.
I've spoken to them all through 2025.
I have yelled, 'It's time to repent.
You must turn from your wicked ways,' but grace has swallowed the church.
You think you can live the way you want to live.
" And the Lord said, "I'm done with it.
" Do you understand?
We're all saved by grace, but you have a point where you leave the very sin you repented of—you went back to and you live in it.
And you say, "It's okay.
I'm under grace.
I was once lost, but now I'm found.
I was blind, but now I see.
" I want to be more like Him.
I'm leaving the things that I used to do, and I'm cleaving to Him.
I don't want what the world has; I want Him.
But there's so many believers right now that believe there's so much watered-down grace that you can go and live the way you want to live.
I even had friends at the church where I used to work and clean, and they used to tell me, "Yeah, we're going out to the strip club tonight, brother.
We're under grace.
" And I said, "No, you can't go.
" They would come and volunteer.
I don't call them friends; they were volunteers.
That's a better way to say it.
They helped me out when I needed help cleaning.
"We're going to go out here.
It's all under grace.
" I said, "No, you can't do this.
You better be hot or cold.
If you're lukewarm, he'll spew you out of his mouth.
" And there's so much of it—that "once saved, always saved" baloney.
There's no "once saved, always saved.
" You can depart from it just like the prodigal son and lay in the pit of the pen of the pigs and sit there and go, "Well, you know what?
When you come to yourself, you'll realize I'm not living the way I should.
" That's the Holy Spirit checking you and convicting you.
Don't go that direction; that's where the wages of sin is death.
So, I tell you all this because I love you, and most people don't want to hear it, but I'm going to yell it and tell it until that day I go home.
You must repent of your sins and turn from your wicked ways.
Jesus Christ is standing at the door.
The door of the ark is about to close.
Ladies and gentlemen, do you understand?
"Well, I don't believe that, Brandon.
" Then God have mercy on you.
I need you to know this.
It's all around us—the signs of the times—and you're about to see it.
The Lord said it's going to increase.
Now, as I drove around today, shock and awe will be on the news.
He said you're going to see Trump become even what he is about to—the decision is going to shock and awe the world and it's going to tick major world leaders off.
Do you remember when I told you I saw a draft coming?
Do you remember when I told you that?
But not only will they draft the men, they'll draft the women.
Do you remember that prophecy?
I saw it because Putin strikes Warsaw with a weapon that has never been used before.
I want you to look at what she says today.
You need to know what's being said.
You have it?
Yeah.
I'm not trying to scare you; I'm trying to prepare you.
Mothers out there are worried that we're going to have a draft, that they're going to see their sons and daughters get involved in this.
What do you want to say about the president's plans for troops on the ground?
As we know, it's been largely an air campaign up until now.
It has been and it will continue to be.
And President Trump wisely does not remove options off of the table.
I know a lot of politicians like to do that quickly, but the president as commander-in-chief wants to continue to assess the success of this military operation.
It's not part of the current plan right now, but the president again wisely keeps his options on the table.
Mothers out there are worried—take it for what it's worth.
I'm trying to tell you.
So, will they have a draft?
I don't know.
Will they have to?
I saw World War III breaking out in a great fashion over Europe in the days ahead.
I see these.
I saw Hawaii attacked by China with another Pearl Harbor type of experience.
I saw Hawaii; people were running from buildings and they were all on fire as their F-16 looking planes, fighter jets, were coming in and just dropping things on our military bases over there.
I've seen it three times now.
Will this happen after the rapture?
I don't know.
I know there are sometimes I see way up in the tribulation because the Lord allows me to, and I'll pray about it.
I say, "Am I seeing into the tribulation?
" But that tells you something.
That's how close we're getting.
When I start having the visions and I start praying, I'm looking into the tribulation.
That tells you how close we're getting.
In my opinion, he usually shows me sometimes a couple of years in advance.
And I've told you I can't see past 2028.
A lot of times, like this morning early in the middle of the early morning, I was laying there and I was looking into 2032.
I'm not telling you what I saw.
And I knew the year because the Lord put it in front of my face.
And I woke up to it.
And in that place is when my thoughts aren't involved, is when the spirit is on me and I feel it and the Holy Ghost is all over me, and I sit there and I look, and he'll allow me to look over into 2032 and I can see it all.
And I look around and I'm like, "What is going on?
I'm just waking up and Lord, good morning.
Good morning, son.
" Times are precious.
Don't take for granted the day you have.
Don't take for granted your family.
Don't take for granted your kids.
Don't take for granted things.
Know that the time that we know right now, the very time we have right now, is precious.
And we're about to go home.
It's going to be beautiful on the other side.
We're going to have a heaven, but it won't be like Earth like this.
Do you understand?
Things are different.
This is the time—there's no refining.
Like I'm saying, to go from glory to glory, I want to get to the point where the very things you go through in this life is how you're promoted in the other life in heaven.
So, you work out your salvation with fear and trembling, and you go through this process of this refiner's fire to go to the greater glory.
Where's that scripture?
To refining to go to the greater glory.
When you go through that refining to go to the greater glory, most people don't realize it's for the thousand years.
And how you acted during this time of whatever you have—80 years, 100 years, whatever the Lord blessed you with—that's the kind of fruit.
What will you do for him in a thousand years?
What you did in secret, he will reward you openly.
So, be a janitor, clean your church bathrooms, volunteer, and don't ask for praise for it.
Do whatever it takes to do things without being praised on the earth because the reward in heaven is great.
What you sow in private, in secret, financially without having to have somebody go, "Hey, man, good job.
Fist bump.
You helped do that.
" Hey, listen.
I just gave it.
I don't need your praise.
I got it from him.
When I get to the other side, I'm looking for the fruit.
I want to walk with him.
I want to be sitting right next to him like on the steps underneath his feet.
"Hey, let's hear something, man.
Tell me something cool.
" Let's just be—even if I was a hundred people back just to be around, you know?
Let's just hang out.
I'll wash his feet.
I'll do whatever it takes.
I'll bring you something to drink.
I don't know.
"Hey, you need something to eat?
I'll go get it for you.
" Be a bodyguard.
I don't know.
You know what I'm talking about.
I just want to be near him.
Whatever it takes to be his friend.
It's real to me.
Jesus is real to me.
I've had visitations that have changed my life, changed my family's life as we feel the presence of the Lord fill our house.
But the whole purpose of doing this channel is to pray to warn you of that which is to come.
What I believe the Lord is showing me.
You know, I can miss it.
I'm just human.
I don't, like I said, people say, "Are you a prophet?
Are you this?
Are you that?
" I don't know.
The Lord has never had an elder call me anything.
I don't know what to do.
You just label yourself.
"I'm prophet so-and-so.
" You know, I've got—let's put it out in pad business cards.
Hand it out.
"I'm prophet so-and-so.
" I don't know.
"Pastor so-and-so.
" I just don't like the charismatic flakiness.
I just want to be with him.
But he told me, "Come on YouTube and go on these platforms and tell my people I'm coming.
" And I've done it.
He said, "I'll show you things.
Pray with my people.
Warn them.
Give altar calls.
" He warned me about the altar calls today.
And he was very disgusted with the ministers that are not giving altar calls.
I'm talking straight up disgusted.
And he was very strong.
He said, "I want you to tell them they're false.
Anybody who's not giving an altar call and giving my people a chance, the unsaved to get born again when they're watching them, is a false prophet.
" He said, "If you truly are hearing me, you will know my heart, and my heart is the harvest.
" He was talking about it to me today.
He said ministers should be giving an opportunity for the people to come to me.
Nothing else matters.
Eternity is the only thing that matters.
Where will you spend eternity?
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
And that's the main thing I want to tell you tonight.
All the other things we're about to see and witness, what the Lord's going to tell us.
I believe he will.
If he does it, it's his platform.
But what he's told me to tell you tonight is a night of salvation.
If you're watching tonight and you've never asked Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior, as we know, the day is approaching, or you're backsliding.
You're not where you're supposed to be.
You went back just like I talked about earlier and you're living in the world.
You're doing what you shouldn't be doing.
Sleeping around, acting crazy.
Shouldn't be doing all these things.
I know it's wrong, but my flesh is weak, Brandon.
My flesh is weak.
It's time to come home tonight.
Jesus never left you.
The Bible says that he's never left us and he will never forsake us.
Lo, until the end of the earth, he'll be with us always.
We walk away from him.
But tonight, I want to ask you before we start our prayer session, do you know my friend?
And maybe you say, "Well, Brandon, I heard a lot about him.
" But does he know you?
Does he say, "Depart from me.
I never knew you.
" But you'll say, "Lord, Lord, I laid hands on the sick in your name.
I cast out devils.
I did—I raised the dead.
I did all these things.
" But he said, "Depart from me.
I never knew you.
" Does he know you?
But the first step to this is to confess your sins and to turn and have a relationship with him.
I've always thought about that scripture when he said, "Depart from me.
" They will come in that day.
Do you have that scripture?
Do you have the other one?
Yeah.
Don't worry about it.
"Depart from me, I never knew you," they will say in that day.
I've often thought about that.
Those are people that walked in some authority.
Those people to raise the dead takes something.
Matthew 7.
Is that where it is, son?
Yes.
I can't see it.
I know.
It's—whatever.
It doesn't matter.
It can be whatever.
Yeah.
Okay.
So, Matthew 7:21-23.
Not everyone who says to me, "Lord, Lord," will enter into the kingdom of heaven, but only the one who does the will of my Father in heaven.
Many will say to me on that day, "Lord, Lord, did we not prophesy in your name and drive out demons in your name and perform many miracles in your name?
" Then I will tell them plainly, "I never knew you.
" Depart from me, you evildoers.
That's freaking me out right there.
So, I check myself.
That's what I tell you: Check your thermostat.
Think about that right there.
Many will say to me, 'Lord, Lord,'—it is emphasized—'Lord, Lord, did we not prophesy in your name and drive out demons?
' I want to be a believer that is all-in.
I want to be a believer that is sold out to him.
I tell the people I'm not accountable anymore for your blood on my hands because I'm warning you tonight: You must be born again.
So, I want to ask you a question, just a simple little question: Do you know him?
More importantly, do you believe he knows you?
How do you know my sheep?
The ones he claims.
My sheep will know my voice, and a stranger's voice they'll not follow.
Are you his?
Are you hearing him?
A clear indication that you belong to him and that he knows you is hearing his voice.
My sheep hear my voice, and a stranger's voice they will not follow.
How do you hear him?
By reading your Bible every day, by praying, and by having an intimate relationship with him.
You develop it through a day-to-day process.
It's not a microwave; it's a slow cooker.
But I want to ask you tonight: Are you all in?
You're not here by accident.
There's many of you here going, 'Brandon, you're freaking me out with all these things.
' I'm not trying to scare you; I'm trying to wake you up.
You're running out of time.
But I want you to get real with God tonight.
I've said it a thousand times: When you get real with God, God will become real to you.
So I want you to say this simple prayer with me.
It's all about souls on this platform with this opportunity you've been given.
Will you accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior?
If I'm speaking to you, do you feel that tugging at your heart right now?
I want you to put in the comments section, 'Tonight's my night.
I want to give my heart to Jesus.
I want to surrender all.
Tonight's my night.
Brandon, will you just pray for me?
I'm tired of living the way I've been living.
I'm tired of sleeping around, going to the clubs, and doing drugs.
I'm tired of being drunk all the time, drinking and partying.
I'm tired of looking at porn.
I'm tired of cheating on my wife or my husband.
I don't want to live this way anymore.
I want to repent and turn from my wicked ways.
Holy Spirit, help me.
Tonight's my night of my turnaround.
' If I'm speaking to you and you hear it in your spirit, you're feeling that tug—he's knocking on the door of your heart—will you let him in?
I want to say a simple prayer for you.
But you've got to get real with yourself and get real with God.
So, I just want you to say this simple prayer right now.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a Savior.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to wash me.
Make me new, Jesus.
As of today, I turn my back on my sin, the world, and the devil.
From this day forward, Lord, I'm sold out to you, Jesus, and I'll serve you with all I have.
I confess my sins before you and I recognize I need a Savior; I recognize that you are the Son of God and you rose again on the third day.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Tonight's my night, Lord, for a new start.
I'm all in.
If I die today, Lord, I'll spend eternity with you.
Thank you, Lord, that you've forgiven me and given me a chance for a new start.
I love you, Jesus, and I'm yours, and you are mine.
I'm your beloved.
Thank you, Lord, that today is my new day, a new chapter.
Amen and amen.
' If you just said that prayer, I believe you're born again.
You confess your faith with the mouth and believe with the heart.
For with the heart man believes unto righteousness, and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation, as the Bible says in Romans 10:9-17.
For the scripture says, 'Whosoever believes on him shall not be ashamed.
' So I believe right now you've just done that.
Welcome to the family.
We are so thankful that you're here.
Now, what do you do?
I'd go to a Bible-believing church.
Tell them, 'I just got born again watching a bald-headed guy on YouTube, and I'm telling you, I need to be water-baptized.
Help me.
' And I'm telling you that pastor, if he's a good pastor, he'll be ready.
They'll get you baptized.
Get plugged in to the church.
Go Wednesdays, go Sundays, and go wherever they have Bible study so you can learn.
You may have to leave your old friends for a while.
Tell them, invite them: 'Hey, come with me.
I just got born again.
I'm not going to go back to what I used to do, but I'm inviting you to come with me.
I've made a decision that's changed my life forever.
Come follow me.
We'll go to church together.
' They say, 'Well, we don't want religion.
' That's fine.
God will give you some new friends.
And eventually, when they see your life's not a wreck anymore, they're going to follow you.
They're going to be like, 'What is different about you?
I remember you.
I remember how messed up you were.
' Because I'm telling you, the Word of God is going to change you from the inside out.
The more you get this Word down inside of your heart and make it a pillar in your life, it will change you.
Read Psalms, read Proverbs, and read Ephesians.
Get it all down inside of you.
The Word of God will change you from the inside out.
Now, if you go back and sin tonight, what happens if you fall down?
When you're a baby and you're just learning to walk, you fall down all the time.
It's expected; it happens.
'Oh, look, the little guy just fell again.
' It's all right; he's learning how to walk.
So, you skinned your knee.
You messed up.
You don't run from God when you sin; you run to God.
And remember, from now on, your sin is none of the devil's business.
The moment you mess up, you run to God: 'God, I need you.
I need help.
Forgive me.
' He's the ever-present help in a time of need.
He's always there.
He's not wanting to beat you down and make you feel bad, but he wants to make sure you realize the decision you've made.
You just came into covenant with him.
Do you understand?
It's like having a marriage.
I told my wife I'd be faithful to her in sickness and health, for richer or for poor—all those things we said.
It's a covenant.
'Jesus, I ask you to come into my heart.
' It's a covenant.
So now you're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost, and the moment you mess up, you run to God.
I need help.
So, we're excited you're here.
I ask you to subscribe and click the notification bell.
To all you newbies that are just coming on tonight, be a part of our YouTube channel and our prayer group.
Welcome to the family.
Now, read your Bible.
If you don't have a Bible and you want one, before we go to the next part of this—my wife's going to come in now and we're going to pray together—we will buy you your first Bible.
Congratulations for getting born again on our channel for free.
There is an email in the description down below.
Tell us, 'Hey, I got born again.
I would like a free Bible.
' We will send you the Bible for free, no questions asked.
We just want to be a blessing to you.
We'll not solicit you for anything else.
We don't ask for anything on this channel; we never will.
Freely we've been given.
Freely we give out.
Now, there are people who want to be a blessing through PayPal, and all the people say, "Hey, Brandon, I'd like to bless your family, help you with Bibles, whatever.
" You can do that in the link below, but we never ask for anything.
That's because the Lord put it on your heart, and we're so grateful for all the people that have helped us with Bibles.
Thank you for helping us.
Thank you for helping my family.
We appreciate it; it means a lot to us.
But we had 118 people give their hearts to Jesus Christ tonight; my son just told me.
Welcome to the family, all 118 of you.
Jesus loves you, and we're so glad you're here.
I love it; it just starts with you.
It can change your life forever.
You may be the next Billy Graham, and the next thing you know, you're saving people all around the world.
We reach lots of people for Jesus on this channel.
We're so thankful for every single one of you.
So, welcome to the family tonight.
And if the broadcast were to crash, we'll be right back.
Please come back.
YouTube a lot of the time doesn't like some of the things I say, and my feed's been crashing.
So if it has, we have backup internet tonight; we got one today.
So pray for our stream because they don't like a lot of things I say.
It's crashed two nights in a row.
But welcome to the family.
We love you.
All right.
Who wants to go tubing?
Did we take communion already?
We didn't.
No.
All right.
Let's go get Mama.
We're going to pray now.
Who wants to pray with us?
See if the Lord wants to show us anything and praying over things.
Okay.
I'll be right back.
I'm going to go get my wife.
Hey, babe.
You ready?
All right.
Congratulations.
I'm so excited.
All 118 of you.
She'll be right back.
Hi.
How are y'all doing today?
Is everybody glad it's March?
Finally, it's spring.
The time changed today.
Was anyone late for church?
I was talking about the time change.
Yeah.
I don't know; I don't like it.
But it's spring, so that's good.
Springtime.
Well, let's pray.
Thank you for joining me.
She's caught up on some stuff, so I told her, "Let's have you come on here with me and pray tonight.
" I'm excited she's here, but she's been busy.
She sent out the Bibles and she's been busy—busy, busy when you homeschool your kids.
And Paisley and Braden—Braden's almost done soon, but Paisley is pushing hard, and so she needs her mama more for her schooling.
She tries to get caught up on stuff to get ahead in case the Lord tells us to go someplace.
All right, let's pray.
Father, we just thank you for this time.
We yield to you, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I thank you that you speak through my vocal cords and you think through my mind.
None of me and all of you.
I plead the blood over any vision or anything that you have for us tonight.
And we lift up this body in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord.
Diana, here, that's yours right there.
I plead the blood and we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord.
No weapon formed against us will prosper.
We take this body in the name of Jesus and we thank you, Lord, that as he is, so are we in this world.
We're healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for all that you've done and all that you continue to do, that we stay in that secret place of the Most High.
We abide under the shadow of the Almighty.
We say of the Lord, "He is our refuge, He is our fortress, our God in whom I will trust.
" And we trust you confidently, Lord.
God, what you've promised, you were able also to perform.
And we believe that you're the healer.
We believe that you're the deliverer; that, Father, we don't have to live in a devil's hell with sickness and disease and brokenness in our minds and our bodies because you redeemed us from the curse of the law.
And sickness of long continuance is part of the curse of the law.
That's cancers, that's diabetes, that's heart disease, that's all kinds of things that have to do with the curse.
But Father, according to Galatians 3, Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law, and we take this body in the name of Jesus and we give you all the glory, all the honor, and all the praise for what you've done in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord.
We plead the blood, and I plead the blood over my wife.
I plead the blood over my children.
I plead the blood around us.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We take this blood and we thank you, Lord, that as we confess our sins, you are faithful and just to forgive us of our sins.
Thank you, Lord, that we're washed in the blood.
Thank you, Lord, that we are covered and we're made new.
Thank you, Lord, that you've given us all that we need to conquer, to be more than conquerors.
Thank you for what you did on that cross for us in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
Now, we jump into the river.
Holy Spirit, do you need a drink, love?
You can share some of my tea.
Good.
Thank you.
Holy Spirit, we invite you.
We need you.
We can't do this without you.
Holy Spirit, thank you that you become so real to the people tonight that are watching all around, that every single person that's here tonight has a fresh touch from you; that they come to the river and they drink.
They come to the river, that vast supply.
They come to the river that never shall run dry.
There is a fountain that flows deep inside.
You have the words of that.
"Come to the river; there is a vast supply.
" Oh Father, we thank you, Lord.
There is a river and it flows from deep within.
There is a fountain that frees the soul from sin.
Come to this water; there is a vast supply.
There is a river that never shall run dry.
And there was this thirsty woman; she was drawing from the well.
You see, her life was ruined and wasted, and her soul was bound for hell.
Oh, but there she met the Master; he told her sin and he said, "If you'll drink this water, you'll never thirst again.
" There is a river and it flows deep within.
There is a fountain that frees the soul from sin.
Oh, come to this water; there is a vast supply.
There is a river that never shall run dry.
I love the words of that, baby.
I'll do the chorus again.
There is a river and it flows from deep within.
There is a fountain that frees the soul from sin.
Come to this water; there is a vast supply.
There is a river that never shall run dry.
I come to the garden alone.
Do you have that one?
I want to hear.
I come to the garden alone where the dew is still on the roses and the voice I hear, falling on my ear, the Son of God discloses.
And he walks with me and he talks with me and he tells me I am his own.
And the joy we share as we tarry there, none other has ever known.
That's all of it; that's all I want to sing.
I want to hear the part: "And he walks with me and he talks with me and he tells me I am his own.
And the joy we share as we tarry there, none other has ever known.
" Because I come to the garden alone while the dew is still on the roses and the voice I hear, falling on my ear, the Son of God discloses.
He walks with me and he talks with me and he tells me I am his own.
And the joy we share as we tarry there, none other has ever known.
There it is.
Oh Father, we love your presence.
We wait on you.
We wait on you tonight because we come to that garden alone while the dew is still on the roses.
Father, we love you.
And he walks with me, and he talks with me, and he tells me I am his own.
And the joy we'll share as we tarry there, none other has ever known.
Only believe.
Only believe; all things are possible.
All things are possible when you only believe.
I believe in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free, miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles, for I believe in God.
We believe in you, Lord.
We worship you, Heavenly Father.
We thank you, Lord, for all that you've done and all that you continue to do.
As we humbly bow before you, we thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We thank you, Father, that it washed us white as snow.
We thank you, Lord, that we enter into your throne room boldly, and we don't shrink back because we're yours.
We sit at your feet, right next to you, just like a son or daughter would.
We're yours, and we're so grateful that we are saved by grace and you love us so much.
We yield to you tonight, Holy Spirit, so that you flow through us.
We yield to you tonight so that a river of living water flows on the inside of us.
Thank you for that river.
Thank you, Father, that we're not a dam blocking the river to flow physically, emotionally, or financially.
We flow with what you tell us to do.
We're not hoarders; we don't hold things back.
We flow with the Holy Ghost.
Whatever you say to do, we do quickly, obeying you at all costs, doing exactly what you've called us to do at all times.
We're not holding back any good thing because you're not.
Thank you, Father, that when we lay hands on the sick, they will recover.
The blind eyes will see, the dead will be raised, and people who are bound by demonic spirits will be set free.
We thank you, Lord, that freely we've been given, freely we give.
We're so grateful and thankful that you've called us and chosen us for such a time as this.
Let us be that light in the darkness in these last days, Father, so the glory of the Lord shines through our eyes and faces, and they have to cover their heads like Moses because the people are freaking out.
I thank you, Lord, that we arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen on us, and we're going from glory to glory.
Lord, I'm looking for what's on your heart tonight.
I'm seeing what I saw last night concerning Cuba, but I can't tell you everything I'm seeing.
Just know we're praying for some men right now, and it's very vital that they stay safe.
I see reconnaissance boats and a calm in the sea.
I see Mangroves in the bay.
I see it.
There's something he wants you to write down: hold the code.
I see gang lords there that want change.
There are gang members—I see one man who is kind of heavy—and they want change, but they see the money is drying up.
They are in it for the money and their position, and I see them harboring a plan to rise up with a revolution.
A revolt, like when a people rise up with arms; they are the gang lords and they say, 'We're going to take this land and help them.
' They are deep defectors.
They were in with them, and now they say, 'We will help America rise up with arms; we will help America overthrow.
' There is a base that the leader is over, and there are men with blue berets and M16s or AK-47s.
They're all around with chain-link barbed-wire fences at the top, and there is a stronghold here.
There are probably a couple thousand men inside with blue uniforms and blue hats.
They are African men—dark-skinned men with black eyes.
Some of them are not Hispanic-looking.
They have towers, and I see them in the top of these towers looking out over the horizon with spotlights.
I see makeshift tents and Jeeps, but these Jeeps are like old military Jeeps with the white star on the side.
They've got explosives, and 50-caliber guns on tripods looking at the entrance of this base.
There are tanks also, but they're not like our Abrams.
I see armored cars with tank-looking guns on them.
We're bringing this down; this is a wall of protection coming.
They know they're coming; they hear the chatter because they're talking too much.
I see anti-air systems for our helicopters.
We take out those reconnaissance systems.
Our satellites are looking in, but we have eyes on the ground.
We pray over them.
We call those things that be not as though they were; we call them liberated and free.
People of Cuba, the day has come, the dawning of a new day.
I see Apache helicopters and stealth technology.
It will be like an EMP taking down all of it.
We have weapons—really cool stuff.
I see space wars.
Remember when I told you China has this?
We have something better.
The Lord says, 'You have something greater—technological advancements beyond what they know.
I've blessed you for this time, says the Lord, to liberate my people for a great revival.
I have caused confusion in the enemy's camps around the world so they're not able to outdo this.
' For I knew this time would come.
I knew the day would come.
And I'm bringing forth the glory from my son and the glory of the Lord and the glory of this house and the glory of the former house and the greater glory in the latter house.
And I see a liberation with these weapons.
We're not even using those in Iran really.
This is technological advancements.
And I see these technological advancements being used like it did in Venezuela, but even on a greater scale.
Shock and awe will be on the news.
Shock and awe, a flex.
I hear a flex.
But it's a flex for me for what I've given to thee.
I see these lasers being used.
I see lasers.
I see these green lasers.
Make them invisible, Lord, with the invisible cloak.
This outfit, this cloak, it makes him invisible.
It's able to manipulate time and space and remain invisible.
It's able to manipulate time and space.
And it will shock and awe.
Shocking.
Cloaking, cloaking.
They're not able to see.
That's what he said.
He said they're not able to see.
Even these men, they're not able to see from—I don't know if this is in the natural or if God's going to give a supernatural covering—that they're not able to see.
So they say, 'able to deceive.
' They're not able to see him.
I see technological advancements.
And it will be shock and awe.
It's almost like you come out and display your part of your might, things that you've been hiding, almost like your toys in your belt like Batman.
You don't show them all that you got until you need to, and then you show them what you want them to see.
But this is going to be shock and awe to the world because they didn't realize you could do it.
And it will be on the news and it's going to freak the nations out.
There's a flex.
The Lord said, 'Of what I have given you to liberate my people, an uncovering of the technological advancements that the United States possesses.
' Some will say it looks like alien technology, AI development, and even in the days ahead even greater things because of AI quantum computing.
There's a breakthrough concerning a fuel, a breakthrough for a fuel with water.
The splitting of what you would consider an atom.
Endless energy, I hear the Lord say, is coming—greater than the blue light.
It's by mathematical equations that they're going to achieve this of a new energy that is greater than the splitting of an atom, like nuclear.
It's greater than nuclear—a new and clean energy, I hear clean energy, better than fossil fuels, is coming with the splitting of new energy.
They're about to harness it.
They're about to harness this new blue energy.
And when it does, it spins with bubbles with great electricity.
It looks like pulses that are blue light.
And it's split.
And I see the bubbles in a laboratory with water all around it.
The mathematical equation is even greater than what they've had before.
You know they say hydrogen, the fusion, this hydrogen molecule, hydrogen engine—this is something greater for jets and they're trying to say, 'Well, we use it for...
' I hear it's Elon for going to Mars for a long sustainable energy.
Remember I told you a new space race was coming and I said they'll try to do things on the moon, and it's going to be like I saw—and I told you I saw the base.
It was in the picture and I saw they're going to try to do things on the moon.
It's with this new technology.
It's a blue energy and it's better than nuclear, laws of physics, laws of putting in motion.
For I see the man with the dark beard in Iran gone again.
He's gone.
They're going to take that man out, the new one.
He's about to go.
I see the man with the new beard, the guy that just got in today.
His days are numbered.
It's just like he's going to be gone.
It's going to be a flex by Israel.
Two strong fronts, the Israeli military and the United States military, will work hand in hand, and I see Israel focus on this and it will be almost like a grinding and a pulling to pull, but the United States will start to focus attention on South America.
They allow certain things to happen because they don't want to unveil this yet.
They play like the damsel in distress, like 'Oh, we need your help,' but you really don't.
You're untied and nobody knows that you had it because they didn't want to push the button yet to the secrets because they don't want to show the world the secrets, but they're about to show.
I see Trump about to flex.
He's going to show some secrets.
He's about to show a secret and it's going to be shock and awe to the world.
You're about to see a secret.
The Lord said that they've been hiding and they're about to take a flex and use this secret.
You're about to see technology that you didn't know existed.
And it will be a shock and awe to Macron.
It's going to shock and awe Macron.
It's going to shock and awe Germany.
It's going to shock and awe England, Italy, Canada, and it causes more respect.
And they say, 'How is this?
This is an unequal playing field.
' Do you understand?
It's an unequal playing field.
I see an unequal playing field where the world goes, 'This is not an equal playing field.
' China's going to be playing catch-up because there's confusion in the mind.
I see confusion in the mind.
They just can't get there because God hasn't allowed them.
He imparts wisdom to those that need it.
Do you understand?
But he's holding back because they have a reprobate mind.
They're trying to achieve it, but he won't allow it because it's almost like you walk up and there's a fog on the mind.
So you can't get past that barrier and then he'll let it rain on the ones that he wanted to have it, but he'll block it because these people don't need it right now.
They don't want them to have it because it's dangerous for them to have it.
But the Lord said, 'I've done this to liberate my people.
' Do you remember when he said, 'I'm going to crack my whip'?
And he's a tamer in the middle of the tent, cracking his whip toward China, cracking his whip towards Russia, cracking his whip towards South America, cracking his whip towards Kim Jong-un.
This is the whip.
It causes him to pause because of what's about to be seen.
I told you he would come out like a Ronald Reagan.
The church is required to pray for him that he doesn't maintain pride.
He's not a dictator.
Do you understand?
Because when you start being a winner and you see all this stuff you flex, you get an arrogant attitude.
Softness and humbleness of heart, the Lord says, is what I'm looking for, and that's the church's responsibility to pray for him.
That was the difference between if he makes it or he doesn't.
Do not become arrogant.
Humble yourself underneath the mighty hand.
This is what the Lord said: 'Be humble in this with what you're about to see.
' That's why he said, 'Don't touch Greenland.
Leave him alone.
Do this.
Push the button, Trump.
' And he did it.
That's what he said.
His life has been spared.
You're praying for him.
The valley of decision.
This is the course of why either he makes it or breaks it.
Do what I told you to do with what I've given you.
I'm liberating my people for a window.
Most people say, 'Well, this is about the world.
' No, it's not.
It's about the Son of Man coming.
Jesus Christ is coming.
Nothing else matters.
We're in the last of the last.
It's about the United States dominating.
No, it's about opening the window for people who have been suppressed and oppressed to have a window of revival because it's about the harvest.
And the Lord is bringing forth the harvest and he has long patience.
That's what the Lord said: 'I have long patience.
Be patient, therefore, brethren, until the coming of the Lord.
Behold, the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth, and hath long patience for it until he receives the early and the latter rain harvest.
' And he's using Trump to get it done.
But Trump has a decision to make.
Either you push the button like he's done—have you helped liberate Cuba, Venezuela?
—these people who have been waiting for a revival, to give them a window of opportunity for a revival.
The Lord will anoint David to take the land to do the things.
And that's why I told you Saul has his thousands and the Lord said David has his ten thousands.
And that is concerning Marco Rubio.
Saul is Vance.
Remember this JD Vance: Saul had his thousands and David has his ten thousands.
Watch what Rubio does in the days ahead.
And I saw him being like a David going through and helping out these places, going through these places because God just wants a revival and he wants a harvest.
The Lord said, 'Now you're going to switch.
You've been praying for Cuba.
Now I want you to go to Iran for the weapons of mass destruction under the land.
These biological weapons under the land.
You're going to uncover them.
' Days of great fun have just begun.
Days of great fun for my bride have just begun.
Bring in the harvest.
Bring in my fruit that I have long patience for.
Bring in that harvest.
This is a great harvest and I have long patience for it.
Days of great fun.
You will see perilous times all around you, and a great glory will flow throughout Asia.
It'll be so much glory that they can't hold it back.
The glory that's about to take place; they're not going to be able to hold it back.
Communist China, they're not going to be able to hold it back because you can't control the glory.
And it will be a great light come out of South Korea, a great fire out of my people in South Korea.
A great revival will spring forth out of South Korea.
I see a pillar of fire coming out of the heavens into the land of South Korea.
And it's so much so the glory of the Lord radiates clear into North Korea with this pillar of fire.
And it's like Azusa, where the people getting off the trains in the train station fell out in the Holy Ghost because the air was permeated with the glory.
And I see a same kind of glory—a shaft of fire and glory over the area of South Korea—and it will be seen all around Asia.
All it takes is a remnant.
All it takes is a few.
He doesn't have to have a whole bunch.
People think, 'Well, there's not ten thousand there,' or 'Well, we only have just a few.
' That's all he needs.
He changed the world with the twelve.
He changed the world with his disciples, the ones that followed him.
It only takes a few.
If you will yield to the glory, he said, 'If you just yield to the glory every day.
' I yield to the glory.
I yield to the manifestation of the glory on my life.
I'm going into the place and doing what I need to do.
I yield to the anointing of the Holy Ghost today.
I yield to the call on my life today to bring in the lost.
Every single gifting is made to bring in the lost.
The prophetic, the evangelist, the healings; the pastor is always to disciple and to edify the body, to bring in the lost.
So he said, 'What are you going to do when I anoint you with it?
It's not for you to have kicks and giggles to lay around the floor and roll around.
It's to bring in that which was lost.
' It's not a game.
It's not a toy.
It's to bring in that which was lost.
And he said, 'I'm going to give supernatural giftings to the ones that are yielded to the Holy Spirit that just say, "Here am I, Lord.
Send me.
" Impartations of demonstrations and manifestations of the glory that we've never seen on a level that we've never seen it before.
' Translations to be in one place.
And he said, 'I'm going to use a supernatural spiritual highway.
' He said, 'I can't afford a plane ticket.
' They're there.
I'll use the grandma.
I'll use the people that you would say, 'Oh, they're outcasts or whatever.
' I'll use whoever I want to watch my glory.
The grandma sitting there praying in the rocking chair, she'll be there.
The power of God hits them.
Watch what happens.
Now he said, 'Let's go to Iran today for the recon.
' The recon to find it all, and it's in the mountain.
Some of the vast trove of this is in that mountain toward the north.
I see a scale like a bar graph and I see seventy-five percent.
There's much more underneath the ground.
There were so many stockpiles.
I hear the spirit of the Lord say what you've seen just last week is just a little bit; there's much more of great weapons under the ground and that's what they're waiting on to push the button for the Mahdi.
Is this the time to release the big ones?
He's trying to make the decision.
But what you'll see in the days ahead is military commanders—who's in charge—and how to ring them in in Iran's military because people are running like rats on a ship.
They're abandoning military men.
They're scared because they see what's happening with Israel eliminating people and they don't want to be in that position because they don't want to die like that.
They're finding it's hard to find certain leaders for certain parts of Iran because they're scared.
Every single cell, every single biological barrel will be uncovered in the name of Jesus.
Every single weapon of mass destruction, we call you uncovered in the name of Jesus.
I see stockpiles of these biological weapons and they're in the rocks.
I call you uncovered.
I call you out.
I call you exposed.
There's more than one kind.
I see them separated out by different kinds.
They're weapons of chemical warfare.
I see Agent Orange.
One, two, three, four, five barrels of it.
There's five containers.
It's a red color.
They are trying to give the discussion to give it to Hamas.
Some say give it to the Taliban.
Some say give it to Hamas.
The flag that I told you about, how they bring forth a Mahdi to celebrate: black, white, green with the symbol in the middle.
They want to distribute these weapons to different terror groups because they're under pressure and they don't want the United States of America and Israel to destroy this.
So they're trying to scramble how they could distribute these weapons to these different ISIS and other groups to let them utilize this to bring forth the Mahdi.
That's what they're discussing right now.
Different kinds of weapons, but they want to keep the mother of all weapons.
They want to use the weapon themselves because they think they'll be rewarded by the Mahdi.
They want to bring forth this new Mahdi and they want to give these weapons to these different sectors—biological weapons underground.
That's what I'm seeing.
I see them trying to attack these oil tankers, but I see a strategic target.
They want to take out the Abraham Lincoln.
And I see the drone with one eye for the enemy.
Over every single terrorist plot and attack over Israel, we call you down in the name of Jesus.
Out of Damascus, we call you down in the name of Jesus.
Out of Egypt, we call you down in the name of Jesus.
Even on our land today, I pray over Don Jr.
, Eric Jr.
, over Ivanka, Tiffany, and Barron.
We call over Kai, over the grandchildren.
We plead the blood of Jesus over them.
A thousand shall fall at our side and 10,000 at their right hand, but it will not touch them.
We pray a hedge around JD Vance and around President Trump.
That every plan, every plot, every attempt, and every kind of assassination attempt will be uncovered.
That it will be brought to naught, that they will walk with a shield and they'll be in that protection of the Most High's wing.
We believe that they will finish their race and their course of what You called them to do.
For they have yielded themselves unto You and are listening to You.
We believe that even Marco Rubio is covered, that the cabinet is covered.
Homeland Security is rising up.
They'll find every terrorist organization.
These hidden cells in our nation, we call them exposed from Chicago to Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Toronto, Washington DC, Atlanta, Kentucky, Nashville, Tennessee, Oklahoma City, Houston, Denver, Phoenix, Salt Lake City, Las Vegas, Nevada, LA, San Francisco, Seattle, Portland, Oregon, and Miami.
Praying over everyone the uncovering in the name of Jesus.
Every city, every county, every little town, we are covering them in the name of Jesus.
An uncovering over our schools.
We pray over our children as they go to school—private school, Catholic school, or charismatic school.
It doesn't matter whatever school they go to; we call our children safe.
We call our children safe in the name of Jesus that no weapon formed against our children will prosper.
All our college campuses nationwide, we call our college campuses safe.
Every school represented, we call our children safe.
Over our churches, over Easter, we call Easter services safe.
Small churches, mega-churches, we call them safe.
Every plot, every plan be uncovered in Jesus' name.
We call the FBI to have great discernment on real threats versus fake threats, not to be distracted with false alarms.
That they'll know the difference in their spirit.
Over the buildings, over Donald Trump's buildings, his hotels, his investments, over all his hotels, and his casinos.
We pray over them in the name of Jesus.
An uncovering over every plot, every terror activity in the name of Jesus in our nation.
Father, I thank You, Lord.
The NSA is going to uncover things.
No cyber attacks.
We pray over our grid, our water infrastructure, our sewer system, our natural gas, our wells, and our refineries.
We pray over Louisiana, Houston, our natural gas, our oil, and our pipelines.
Over our natural gas plants, our oil facilities.
That's hot right there.
Do you see that?
I see it very clear.
Over our natural gas, our oil, and our refineries.
We pray over our refineries, even over our nuclear facilities and power plants.
I see those old cement stacks.
You know what I'm talking about?
Those nuclear power plants.
I see those concrete things that go up out of the air that look like a round tube.
That's what I'm seeing right now, and it's a target.
I can't tell you exactly, but I see that and it's up northeast.
I see dams.
I see water dams—a target.
Water dams that are holding back, like the one in Las Vegas.
For the vans with the fertilizer.
We pray over Las Vegas right now, over that city, over the strip.
I pray over every plot, every plan, everything that is planned.
Every plan be uncovered over Las Vegas.
I thank You, Lord.
Shalom.
Okay, this is concerning our military bases in our nation.
I see Tinker.
It's highlighted big—Tinker.
Lawton, but it's not highlighted like Tinker is.
It's about the heartland.
This is about the heartland.
They're waiting on that word to activate those cells.
I see it.
May they never get the word.
Take out the word-giver.
Confusion in the camp, Lord.
Confusion in the camp concerning America and our cities.
Confusion in the camp so that they have no way of talking.
No one acts until they're commanded to from the telephone.
No one is acting until they get the word because this isn't terrorists; this is a military operation.
And our military does not operate until the Commander-in-Chief tells them to.
Even if they feel like they have the target in sight, they cannot go until they have the word to shoot.
They're waiting for the word because this is not a group of terrorists; this is a military that has infiltrated our country.
They're waiting on the word.
It's not about a wound like a punch for a punch; this is about a fatal blow to bring forth that Mahdi.
They're going at this as a holy war.
Thank You, Lord.
Confusion in the camp that they're not able to think right, that they'll not get it right, and they'll not hurt any of us.
Father, we'll uncover it.
Our FBI, Father, is two steps ahead of them, and they're going to know.
Our Homeland Security is going to know.
We take authority over the confusion that has been assigned to our Homeland Security.
That's a spirit.
I just saw this concerning the woman that just got replaced.
I see a spirit that has been assigned to bring confusion in Homeland Security.
We take authority over that spirit in the name of Jesus that has been assigned to cause confusion and discord in our Department of Homeland Security.
We command that spirit to bow its knee.
You will not touch our Homeland Security.
We plead the blood over our Homeland Security and our new leaders that they would be respected.
The people rising up in that position to bring and take out the people that need to be brought out of our country through ICE, to lead ICE in a way that is godly, to bring out the people that are here for ill intentions to our nation, like gang leaders through MS-13.
We call for an exposing in the name of Jesus.
That ICE would be run in a godly way and that there would be no confusion in Homeland Security.
Today we call a spirit of peace and patience over this department.
The same with the FBI.
I see a plan to try to infiltrate the FBI and cause a great rift in the FBI.
We call peace into our departments of security and safety: NSA, Homeland Security, and all these.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that the leadership has not opened any door.
We call leaders without doors open.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I see this plot right there.
Do you see this?
Maybe you do, maybe you don't; I see it.
I see the plot to get distraction in Homeland Security.
The enemy is trying to infiltrate it right now to cause distraction in it so that they're not doing their jobs right.
From the top, it starts spreading down to 100,000 people.
You see this?
As it goes to the top, "poo rolls downhill.
" They want to cause distraction to bring in—the enemy, Satan, wants to use the distraction so that he is able to get us in our defense.
So they're not watching for the attack.
This is life and death.
The enemy is trying to do this right now to bring division in departments so that they're not able to operate because there's strife and discord.
And where there's strife, there's confusion and every evil work.
We don't want the confusion, and we don't want the evil work.
Because where there's strife and discord, there is confusion and every evil work; this is what I see by the Spirit of God right now.
You need to hear me; this is very serious.
So we take authority over the spirit of strife in our Homeland Security, in our FBI, in our sheriff's departments, and in our local law enforcement.
We take authority.
You will not have strife, because where there's strife, there's confusion and every evil work.
We will not have the evil work going on, because the enemy is trying to come in through strife and discord in Homeland Security and these areas.
This is very serious, and it's going to try to come into President Trump's camp, in his inner circle.
I see a spirit that has been assigned by witchcraft to bring forth strife and division so they don't get the job done.
The Lord says that he'll raise up a standard against them when the enemy tries to come in like a flood.
The Spirit of the Lord will raise a standard against it.
And I see this as a watchman right now.
I'm telling you, he's trying to bring in strife in Trump's inner circle.
This is very serious.
This is how he's trying to come in: through strife to bring confusion.
And they must have clarity of thought to get the job done.
This is an assignment from the enemy because when the strife comes in, the confusion comes in.
The NYPD and LAPD—they're going to open a door and the devil is going to come in through this.
But especially over Homeland Security right now; that's what I see.
This is an assignment.
So remember that.
So we pray peace over our Homeland Security.
We pray peace over our FBI.
We pray peace over our president and over his Secret Service.
No strife in the Secret Service.
They need to be attentive and watching out for our president.
This is a high alert.
Praying over them.
No strife in the Secret Service.
Peace.
Get along, brothers and sisters, whoever is in there.
No strife in this.
We need you to be alert.
Not saying, if you don't agree with what he's doing, pray for him, but we have to have him here and we've got to pray for him that he hears the Spirit of the Lord concerning these end times.
No open doors.
This is very serious.
There is strife between departments: Homeland Security fighting with the FBI, fighting with the CIA, people just arguing and discord.
They're just disagreeing.
No, it's that serious, because I see a civil war.
And I see the eye, the Illuminati eye.
I see the name Rockefeller.
And I see this wall.
And at the top of this wall, there's an eye, an all-seeing eye.
And it's a thick wall.
It looks like a bronze color.
And at the top of this bronze wall, there is a purple all-seeing eye.
It's a stronghold.
This is a stronghold.
The wall looks impenetrable.
The wall looks too tall to crawl; it looks impenetrable.
This all-seeing eye—it's a purple eye.
And this is really weird, but I see men with their shirts off with dog collars on concerning this wall.
It looks like those people that are sadists—am I saying that word right?
I know it's probably grotesque, but it's like the people who are into bondage.
Yeah, they're bondage people.
That's the right word.
Weird.
Sexual weirdness.
It's concerning the wall.
And this is a spirit.
And they have the black mask on with spikes on it.
I see black masks with spikes with a dog collar on, with their shirts off, and it's disgusting.
But something is attached to this Illuminati and the wall with the eye.
It's a spirit that's trying to settle; it's over our nation.
And I see the word "Rockefellers" on the wall.
It's a spirit.
And it's a division.
And I see this line dividing the North from the South.
And this is blue versus red.
And I see a line that looks like a lightning bolt that is splitting the nation.
And in this splitting of the nation, I see where the wall I'm talking about is up northeast.
It's divided.
In the division, Satan is in the division.
For a house divided cannot stand.
Hear me?
A nation divided cannot stand.
Do you get that?
The Lord quoted the scripture: "For a house divided cannot stand.
" One was brought to him who was demon-possessed, blind, and mute, and he healed him.
And the multitudes were amazed.
A house divided cannot stand.
Jesus knew their thoughts and said to them: "Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation, and every city or house divided against itself will not stand.
" That's the scripture the Lord used right then.
And I saw a divided land and I saw a civil war trying to bring forth in the days ahead.
Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation.
So desolation—that's bad.
And every city or house divided against itself will not stand.
So that's what I'm seeing right there concerning the departments.
Basically, Jesus is telling the departments—the blue against the red and the dividing line against the South from the North, the Illuminati, this spirit dividing our departments—it's going to cause a gap in the door through strife for the enemy to come in, for the Trojan horse in our nation.
The people in our nation.
This is serious.
It's about discord because even he's saying right here: "Every kingdom divided against itself.
" So the United States would be a kingdom.
It will be brought to desolation, and every city or house divided against itself will not stand.
If Satan casts out Satan, he is divided against himself.
How then will his kingdom stand?
And if I cast out demons by Beelzebub, by whom do your sons cast them out?
That's amazing.
We call unity in our government.
We call unity in our Homeland Security.
We call unity in the White House.
We will stand.
We will have peace in the White House.
We will have peace in Homeland Security.
We will not have division.
For where there is strife, there's confusion and every evil work.
We will not have the strife.
We'll have peace in our military and our law enforcement around the country, especially our Secret Service who are protecting our president.
Peace in the name of Jesus.
Every plot, every plan, we call you uncovered in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that even in our churches, there's no discord.
There will be no terrorist attacks that come; we will hear of them ahead of time and will know exactly what they are planning before they get it done.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Braden, for finding that scripture for me.
It goes right along with what the Lord said.
That is very strong.
We praise You, Father, for bringing peace and homeland security.
They will not be divided against themselves.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that they will stand and protect this nation, even out of political opinion.
They are assigned to protect the nation and to do what they said they would do.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
We thank You, Father, that President Trump leads with a strong arm of how to get this job done by Your hand and Your leading.
Protect them from the globalists, these bankers, and these pushers.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that the Clarity Act gets finished.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that crypto will shoot up like a rocket in the name of Jesus.
And Father, the wealth of the wicked will be laid up for the righteous.
We thank You, Lord, for supernatural wealth transfer in the name of Jesus.
Every single person who is believing for their house to be paid off, for their car to be paid off, and for their bills and debt to be paid off—I thank You, Lord, that every single person here is debt-free in the name of Jesus.
We call in supernatural funding and supernatural wealth transfer.
We call it in now in the name of Jesus, that they lack no good thing.
We call in blessing, increase, multiplication, and favor over everything their hands touch this week.
Father, let this be a week of doors of heaven on earth opening up for the body of Christ.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that they will excel when everybody else is struggling.
I thank You, Lord, that they will be the head and not the tail, above and not beneath.
This will be a week of great favor, and where it would take a thousand days of labor, it will be a day of favor.
Father, they will not have to work so hard; they will have doors of opportunity open because goodness and mercy are following them all the days of their life, and it is running them down and running them over.
The goodness and mercy of God and the favor of God are flowing out of their household.
It won't just be on the husband; it will be on the wife.
They will move as a family with the goodness and mercy of God, and the blessing and the favor of the Lord will be on their house.
Father, they will have doors of opportunity and doors of financial breakthrough this week.
I pray over every single person here right now, that whatever they are set to do, they will get back a return.
There will be blessing on the households in Jesus' name.
We thank You, Lord, for favor on them in Jesus' name.
This will be a good week.
Father, they will come back and say, 'Hey, I had a great week.
' This will be an amazing week, Father, in Jesus' name.
We thank You, Lord, that they will have a supernatural breakthrough in their finances—concerning debt, their house being paid off, and creative ideas.
Father, they will have a supernatural sleep.
Father, their marriages are restored.
We thank You, Lord, that kids are coming home.
We call healing, demonstration, and manifestation over their bodies.
Father, they lack no good thing.
This will be the week of heaven on earth in the name of Jesus over every person who is represented here.
Father, I thank You for jobs and increase, raises and bonuses, sales and commissions, growth in businesses, estates and inheritances, rebates and returns, checks in the mail, gifts and surprises, finding money, bills paid off, bills decreased, and blessing and increase.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that this will be a time that we have more than enough to give to the kingdom of God and promote the gospel of Jesus Christ throughout the whole world in the name of Jesus.
We believe we receive it, and this will be a good week.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for breakthrough in their doctors' reports.
Father, they will have a good report from the doctor.
There will be a blessing on their household in Jesus' name.
Father, there will be restoration of their finances and their marriages in Jesus' name.
Father, we thank You, Lord.
And those who are lonely and single, find the woman or the man of their dreams.
This will be the beginning of a turnaround in their household in Jesus' name.
We give You all the glory and praise for it.
Everybody say, 'Amen.
' And amen.
Well, thank you for joining us tonight.
We appreciate every single one of you—all 8,700 of you.
Thank you for coming.
Thank you for being a part of our prayer team here.
We prayed and I feel like we covered quite a bit, so I thank you for coming out.
There was so much the Lord showed me, so I will bring it to you in the next video and we will go over the things the Lord showed me in the visions tonight, and I will give you detail of the things that I saw.
I appreciate it and I thank you for joining me again.
Well, I will try to pray again tomorrow.
We will pray over Cuba, keep continuing to pray over Cuba and for the weapons of mass destruction to be uncovered in Iran, that Israel will not be touched, and that there will be no divided house in America.
We need peace and unity.
And we pray over President Trump.
Continue to pray over his safety.
Continue to pray over our churches concerning Ramadan being over next week.
Ramadan ends next week.
And there are things that are attached to Ramadan.
So the Lord said once Ramadan is over, this is the time frame.
It ends on March 19th, which I believe is next week, right?
Yeah, it is the eighth, so next week, 11 days.
All glory to Jesus.
We give all of the glory to Jesus and tell of His love, His wonderful love.
We give all of the glory to Jesus and tell of His wonderful love.
Thank you.
And God bless all you 118 people who gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
Welcome to the family.
Please stick around.
I am excited you got born again.
We prayed for you, and so how awesome is that?
Love you all.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we will see you again.
Bye-bye.